Ticket 463 -- updated documentation && added SimpleZioExample code into the "example directory" (#470)
ScalaConsultants/mesmer: docs/intro.md

OpenTelemetry is a set of tools, APIs and SDKs that provide standardized approach to telemetry including: instrumenting, generating, collecting and exporting telemetry data.

Mesmer is designed as an extension for the OpenTelemetry Java agent. This way you will benefit from both the general Java APIs metrics that are still useful in Scala (like JDBC or Netty) and the specific Scala instrumentation provided by Mesmer (like Akka or ZIO).

# Links to get started:

> ## ByteBuddy

Reviewer: Not super important: all the links below could use `[Link makrdown support](HTTP://foo.bar)`

Author: @lgajowy, refactored in this commit:
https://github.com/ScalaConsultants/mesmer/pull/470/commits

This is the tool that we use to instrument java bytecode. It provides a declarative API and allows to register transformation on loaded classes.
main page tutorial, provides a good overview, but we don't use many features from here (and not all features that we use are there described) - https://bytebuddy.net/#/tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OF3YFGZcQkg - talk by the creator. Provides good introduction to Advice - tool that we heavily use in mesmer

## OpenTelemetry

> Initiative that goal is to create spec for observable systems and provide tools to implement it for different languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initiative that's goal is to create a spec for observable systems and provide tools to implement it for different languages.
```
